doc: getting started sdk ver update (#8584)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/gs_installing.rst

   * :envvar:`ZEPHYR_TOOLCHAIN_VARIANT` to ``zephyr``
   * :envvar:`ZEPHYR_SDK_INSTALL_DIR` to the path of the Zephyr SDK

> .. Comment: The content below (for version 0.14.2) needs to be confirmed for the next ncs release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Comment: The content below (for version 0.14.2) needs to be confirmed for the next nRF Connect SDK release.
```

Author: Updated
